Add Namespace Patching to RBAC good practice (#45664)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/rbac-good-practices.md

can control webhooks that can read any object admitted to the cluster, and in the case of
mutating webhooks, also mutate admitted objects.

### Namespace modification

> Users who can perform `patch` operations on `namespace` objects through a namespaced rolebinding can modify 

Author: You don't need to use a ClusterRole. My main concern with this entire concept is that you can create a RoleBinding to a Role which only allows PATCH on a namespce, then use that to change the labels on that ns "from within".

Agreed on your other nits though.

> Users who can perform `patch` operations on `namespace` objects through a namespaced rolebinding can modify 

Reviewer: Try this suggestion if you don't want to mention a ClusterRole:

```suggestion
Users who can perform **patch** operations on Namespace objects (through a namespaced RoleBinding to a Role with that access) can modify
```

labels on that namespace. In clusters where Pod Security Admission is used, this may allow a user to configure the namespace

> for a more permissive policy than intended by the administrators. For clusters where network policy is used, users may be 
> able to gain access to services intended to be blocked.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a more permissive policy than intended by the administrators.
For clusters where NetworkPolicy is used, users may be set labels that indirectly allow
access to services that an administrator did not intend to allow.
```
NetworkPolicy never configures deny rules
